I’m sick of frogs only liking me because of my massive Frog of Legends rank	0
Lemme paint a picture for you. I’m on a first date with this wonderful frog I met through a dating app. Everything is going well, like frognomonely well, too well. We agree on all the same topics and our senses of humor match, but differed enough that we’re surprising each other with our experiences. Some way or another I bring up that I am froginum ranked in League.	0
Wherever I go, my amazing frognium rank follows me like a stench. Frogs, toads, anyone: if they hear that I have extreme skill and a diverse champion pool, they only seen me as some gamer Frogdonis.	0
Sometimes I’ll be taken home, but my would-be lover shows me to a computer and begs me on their hands and knees to let them witness “one short FrogRAM.” Is that all I am? A set of webbed fingers, a pair of eyeballs, blessed and cursed to be so much better than you at this game?	0
Pro FoL players of Ribbit: how do you get along with others when all they can think about is your dextrous skill and massive map awareness? I just want a good and honest love.	0
Spending time with my niece changed my perspective on Froey as a character.	0
Because of Imports, NA teams are unable to communicate because of a difference in metric systems	0
Unfortunately, communication in NA and EU are gapped by an uncrossable river. Or, as several Froggian imports would call it, a real Waterloo of a brook. Frogsian imports might refer to it as an uncrossable RIVER IN THE DESERT.	0
In this essay I will provide a summary for every champion in Frog of Legends, except only using lines from the script of the Bee Movie..	0
THE UNSEEN FROGGER IS THE DEADLIEST	0
I was once a tadpole like you, but then I took a dart to the knee.	0
If the frog body is 80% water, how can you be 100% salt?	0
I can’t believe toad howard is re-releasing elder croaks 5 again	0
Wait isnt it elder soaks 5, youre the REAL fraud #fraud	0
Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Frogy Davy in 1807. A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America.	0
Toad Howard says: Buy Elder Soaks V	0
Hey Froggy1, I'm currently watching the stream with my 5 year old son, now I don't mind all the cursing but can you please stop feeding? I don't want my son to learn how to suck at video games	0